= Description

A MongoMapper plugin that will allow authlogic to be used as the
authentication system.

= Usage

    class User
      include MongoMapper::Document

      key :email,             String
      key :crypted_password,  String
      key :password_salt,     String
      key :persistence_token, String

      plugin MongoMapper::Plugins::AuthLogic
      acts_as_authentic
    end

AuthLogic can automatically maintain a number of fields for you. The
above example is only a small subset. See the AuthLogic documentation
for all fields it can maintain. It does this by detecting the fields
defined while initializing. This means that you must define the keys
BEFORE you install the plugin on your model and call acts_as_authentic.

= Dependencies

Do not put Authlogic directly in your Gemfile. It will automatically
require 'authlogic.rb' which will cause AuthLogic to try to load against
ActiveRecord. Instead just depend on this gem. This gem makes the
dependency on AuthLogic and loads it specially so as it can work without
ActiveRecord.

= Future

Eventually I would like this library to either be less hackish or
non-existant. There are a few areas we could enhance AuthLogic to
make it more MongoMapper friendly. Possibly so friendly no exta plugin
is needed. My main first goal is to have working integration between
AuthLogic and MongoMapper. Once I am fairly confident of that (been
used on a few apps) I will start getting rid of the hacks by submitting
patches to AuthLogic.

= CREDIT

* Developed by Eric Anderson (http://pixelwareinc.com)
* Enhanced via projects developed under
  Southern Web Group (http://southernwebgroup.com)
* Largly based on the code by gigamo (https://gist.github.com/444888)

